Now in the implementation
Let us create a function rightRotate to do the
one time rotation.
We pass the array and its size n into this function.
First we need to back up the last element
So write temp equal to arr[n-1]
Now shift the remaining elements to one position right.
For that, we can use a for loop
for i equal to n-1, till i greater than zero
And i-- and in each iteration, move array[i-1]
to array[i]. So it
will be done.
And finally we have to place the backed up last
element in the first position.
So write array[0] is equal to temp
So this function will rotate the array one time
Now to rotate the array K times
We can write another function rotate array by passing the array its
size and and the value K. Here we can call
the rightRotate function K times.
So used a for loop for that. for i equal to 1
i less than or equal to K
i++ and in each iteration, call rightRotate
function by passing the array and the size n. So the array will be rotated K times.